Wouldn’t it be great?
Yes, it would be great.
But we have a lot of questions, don’t we?
The first question is,
Did we hear that correctly
—that not only are we receiving
a new publication
but we’re also starting a new method
of conducting Bible studies?
The answer is yes.
But why is that necessary?
Well, to answer that question,
let’s think of a few things
that have changed in recent years.
For example, think about
the New World Translation
and the revision
of the New World Translation.
Was that revised
because the Reference Bible
was no longer any good?
No.
We remember the explanation given:
that reading skills of people have changed.
No longer do people enjoy reading
and taking that slow journey
to eventually get to a destination.
But rather, in this modern age,
we find that people
are wanting to get
to the destination very quickly.
They want clear, simple explanations
that give them the meaning quickly.
But what if when the Governing Body
were considering
whether or not
to revise the New World Translation
had said, ‘But we can’t do this
‘because the brothers and sisters
would have to learn a whole lot
‘of new vocabulary
and all their favorite scriptures
‘they’d have to memorize again
‘and they probably wouldn’t be able
to find those verses
on the right page in the Bible.’
But the Governing Body didn’t decide that
(not to have the revision).
But rather, we saw how Jehovah blessed
the revision of the New World Translation.
And haven’t we been happy
using this and getting
the benefits from it?
But not only have reading skills changed
but also learning skills,
and that’s shown by some of the adjustments
that have been made to our midweek meeting.
Now we see our midweek meeting
is fast-moving, it’s interesting,
and it seems so much easier
to learn things about the Bible.
Recently, I was talking to a sister
who has been in the truth for about 65 years,
and she said concerning the midweek meeting,
“I have learned more about the Bible
in the last few years
than in the previous 60 years.”
And isn’t that true?
But what if the Governing Body
when they were considering this change
had said, ‘Well we can’t make that change
because the older brothers and sisters
won’t be able to adapt to it.’
Aren’t we happy that the change was made?
Of course we are,
because we can see the beautiful benefits
that have come from that change.
When we think about all these changes
that have occurred,
we can see that it fulfills
what Jehovah promised.
And if you turn with me,
please, to the book of Isaiah
—Isaiah chapter 60.
And let’s remind ourselves of what is said
in the beginning of verse 17.
Here Jehovah promises:
“Instead of the copper I will bring in gold,
“and instead of the iron
I will bring in silver,
“instead of the wood, copper,
and instead of the stones, iron.”
Doesn’t this nicely describe the promise
that Jehovah has made to help us
to keep improving
the various things that we’re doing
with preaching the good news
and also our spiritual feeding programs?
Yes, things continue to improve.
But let’s also remember how verse 16
in the same chapter starts.
It says:
“And you will actually drink
the milk of nations.”
We probably remember that The Watchtower
has helped us to understand
that this ‘milk of the nations’
involves all the things
that are being developed,
including modern technology.
And Jehovah’s people with Jehovah’s blessing
have used many of these modern things
to help us with teaching and preaching.
Yes, as Brother Splane said very accurately,
“Times change, and people’s needs change.”
And that’s very true.
As we’ve seen,
reading skills have changed
and learning skills have too.
So for that reason, over the last few years,
our Bible study tools have changed slightly.
We’ve seen how they’ve become
simpler and easier to use,
and many of us are using videos
along with these publications.
But, of course,
sometimes it gets a little complicated
because we’re not quite sure
what video to show when.
How refreshing it was
when we saw that the digital version
of the Good News  brochure
had videos embedded in it!
So you’re able to tap on the video
and have the right video at the right time
when you’re conducting a study.
Well, this new publication
takes all of this experience
that we’ve gained from trying
to enhance our Bible study tools,
and now we have something
that will be very easy to use.
But what does the publication look like?
Brother Splane mentioned
that it had been field-tested.
Those who have already used it
—what did they say
about this new publication?
And how does the Governing Body feel
All those questions
are answered in this video.
Jehovah has always given us
the right tool at the right time
to teach others.
And this new book is no exception.
How is this book organized?
Each lesson is divided into three parts.
How do you use it to conduct a Bible study?
You might encourage your student
to read the first part of a lesson in advance
and to note the questions in bold
and the key scriptures.
Begin each study by reading and discussing
the first part together.
Next, consider together
the “Dig Deeper” section.
Begin by reading the introductory statement,
which explains what follows,
and take note of the subheadings
that outline the main points.
Read the scriptures,
watch the provided videos together,
and then discuss how
the scriptures and videos
answer the related questions.
Discuss the artwork with the student.
Then follow with the questions
found in the “Some People Say” section.
Then, read the “Summary”
and discuss the “Review” questions.
Your student can enter the date
the lesson was completed.
Each lesson provides
a “Goal” for the student,
and the “Explore” section
offers additional content
that may be useful depending
on your student’s needs and interests.
Yes, this tool is very different.
Why was it designed this way?
It’s a lot like
the teaching used in our theocratic schools.
It is very interactive.
On the one hand,
the lessons are written in such a way
to really make the student
think about what he is learning.
This tool has the ability
to involve the Bible student.
It shows them a video,
and then they have references
they can look at.
But the way that it’s designed involves them.
And it’s really going to give them
a good foundation.
On the other hand, the teacher can use
the viewpoint questions
to draw out how the student really feels
about what he’s learning from God’s Word.
This is the most thoroughly
field-tested publication
that we have ever produced.
From writing the text
to simplifying the text
—polishing it, getting it ready—
it has been produced
so that it can be translated
into many languages
so as to help people everywhere.
Yes, this tool is very different,
but is it effective?
Hundreds of publishers in almost 100 lands
tested the lessons.
What do they say about it?
I love the new layout.
It’s current, and it’s intuitive.
And the way the Bible truths are presented
—it’s very logical and easy to understand.
I think it’s going to be a game changer.
The “Dig Deeper” section is amazing.
It ensures that the teaching
comes directly from the Bible.
Because this part of the study
becomes a conversation,
the students answer right from their hearts,
which allows me to learn a lot more
about how they think and feel.
The new method really helps us
to convince the mind and reach the heart.
Most of all, it helps
both the teacher and the student
to focus on the Scriptures
rather than on the study aid.
We never heard anybody say
“the paragraph says”
because when they did answer the question,
they were expressing what
they really believed.
The lessons are both logical and concise.
The method is highly interactive.
The students not only respond
in their own words
but are also able to come
to the correct conclusions
all by themselves.
It helps me as the teacher to talk less,
and it helps the student
to express himself and to think.
And the videos elicited comments
(sometimes of even a personal nature)
that probably never would’ve come out
had it not been for the videos.
The aim is to get to know Jehovah,
to love Jehovah,
to learn what his will is for us
and to do that will,
and also to draw close to his organization.
I have been in full-time service
for over 50 years.
I conduct several Bible studies.
These lessons cannot be compared with others.
They are more effective and just what
we need for our times.
It equips them to explain to others
what they have learned.
And as a teacher,
that fills me with so much joy
that I am motivated to be zealous
and find more new Bible studies.
We are so excited about this new approach
to teaching Bible truths!
The main points stand out,
the application is clear,
and it’s easy to remember.
And everybody can benefit from it
—from those with little or no education
to those who are highly educated.
Our students are going to love
this new publication.
And we will too, as this will make us
better teachers of God’s Word
so as to make more disciples
before the end comes.
And how do members of the Governing Body
feel about this innovative approach?
This book has the potential
to draw many honesthearted ones
into Jehovah’s organization
to serve alongside us in pure worship
and dedicate their lives to Jehovah.
Compared to all the Bible study tools
we’ve used in the past,
this is gold.
And that’s what it’s all about
—helping that student
build a close relationship with Jehovah.
And unquestionably,
this new publication,
this marvelous gift from Jehovah,
will help us accomplish this worthy goal.
We humbly recognize
that whatever tool we use,
only Jehovah can make it grow.
So we’re praying that Jehovah
will grant success to this new tool
to build and make disciples of Christ.
We are not just preachers.
We are teachers.
We are disciple-makers.
This new book gives us what we need
to help others love Jehovah,
follow Christ,
get baptized,
and Enjoy Life Forever!
What a fantastic new publication!
I’m sure all of us
are looking forward to using it.
But you may be thinking:
‘How big is it?
How many pages are there?’
Well, there are 256 pages,
and there are 60 lessons.
Well, you may be thinking:
‘Will that be overwhelming to many people
‘when we show them this new publication?
‘Many of our Bible studies that we start
‘do lessons 1 and 2, and then by 3,
perhaps they stop studying.
‘So if we’re using a large publication,
‘could it be that it would be
a waste of a publication
‘if someone isn’t going to continue to study?
‘Wouldn’t it be great
if we also had something else
that would introduce this new study system?’
And that’s exactly
what we’re happy to announce:
the release of a new brochure entitled
Enjoy Life Forever
—Introductory Bible Lessons.
Now, this new brochure contains within it
the first three lessons
of the new publication.
When you look at the back of this brochure,
you’ll notice that it’s designed similarly
to the design of our tracts.
It has the questions:
“Is it possible to enjoy life forever?
Would you say yes? no? maybe?”
The explanation that’s given below,
along with the scriptures, helps us then
to direct the attention
to the first lesson in the brochure.
And this first lesson
is entitled “How Can the Bible Help You?,”
the second lesson is “The Bible Gives Hope,”
and the third lesson,
“Can You Trust the Bible?”
What a wonderful way
to introduce this new publication!
So once we’ve gone through the brochure
and finished the three lessons,
if someone shows
that they really want to continue
in their Bible study,
then we introduce them
to the larger publication
and start at lesson 4.
Wow!
That’s so exciting, isn’t it?
It will be very easy to use this
and also to use the electronic version,
which has been developed
at the same time as the printed version.
With the electronic version in JW Library®,
you’ll be able to just tap the link
and it will take you to the videos
or to the verses
or to the reference material.
Isn’t that exciting?
I’m sure all of us are looking forward
to being able to use this new brochure
and the new publication
to start Bible studies.
But there’s still one question left,
Wouldn’t it be great
if we can use these publications
to help other persons to become disciples,
yes, and to enjoy life forever?